add additional SSLHandshakeException (#332)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/security/troubleshooting.asciidoc

certificate.
--

`javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: Invalid ECDH ServerKeyExchange signature``::
+
--
The `Invalid ECDH ServerKeyExchange signature` can indicate that a key and a corresponding certificate don't match and are
causing the handshake to fail.

> Verify that any configured certificate, CA certificate and key are the correct ones and are matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the contents of each of the files you are using for your configured certificate authorities (CAs), certificates and keys. In particular, check that the key and certificate belong to the same key pair. 
```
